Create Fact “cavity-nesting-bees” (#77)
mn-pollinators/pollinator-facts: src/facts/cavity-nesting-bees.md

---
title: Cavity Nesting Bees
image:
  src: ../images/nature-wood-animal-insect-art-carving-1088609-pxhere.com.jpg
  creator: None
  alt: Cavity Nesting Bees
  license: CC0 1.0
  url: https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1088609
source:
  url: https://www.beelab.umn.edu/wild-bees/wild-bees-and-houses
  name: Wild bee nests
category: habitat
---

> 30-40% of bees find cavities to live in, such as hollow branches/stems or dead trees. Inside, they use mud to create chambers for their eggs. Leave fallen trees/branches around your yard to attract bees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
30-40% of bees find cavities to live in, such as hollow branches, stems, or dead trees. Inside, they use mud to create chambers for their eggs. Leave hollow stems of various heights from flowers and grasses in your garden to attract bees.
```
